# CS230
To briefly summarize, A client named The Gaming Room requested an expansion for their game Draw it or Lose it, to  be able to be used on other platforms and be able to communicate with each other.
I feel that the Recommendation portion of this document was particularly well done. I tried to recommend solutions to their problems i.e secuirty or memory managment by describing techniques that could be put into action during the creation of the software to help fix them.
The process of working through a design document while developing the code for the project helped with being more concise in the needs of the Client. Understanding the changes that needed to be made during the process to meet their demands was made significantly easier with the design document. Out of all the parts of the document that I could revise, I'd probably pick the Recommendation. Even though I believe it to the the most well done part of the document, I think I could've done better with it by adding more details to parts such as Storage management.
The interpretation of the User's needs was done through the game's requirements and was implemented as such to ensure a good user experience. It's important to consider the user's needs when designing because if we simply meet the requirements that are needed but not do anything to help improve the experience of the user, the work would have been effectively for nothing or would add more work to fix the experience and make it more worthwhile. I approached designing software by considering all the requirements that were needed to be met by the client in a design document and updated the document overtime to continue to meet their needs. For future reference when designing a similar application, more feedback from the client and users would help with making the software application come out well.
